TG I wanna I'm 15 I turn work yes have a
Kiki we are gonna serve and were in turn
I'm hi honey hi guys and girls and
welcome back to my channel let's have a
Kiki 22 and today we are reviewing
dinner for our long and scare masters as
you can see it on the back of the box it
has her holding her books and on the
right it has a weekly schedule on our
eyes you can see she has two shades of
green dye match your eyes and on her
lipstick it is a moon kind of color on
the hair her hair color is green and
black and it's in the ponytail and her
earrings are red chinese lantern and her
she has scaly golden skin on the top she
has green and purple dragon Prince with
black lining and gold dragon bones on it
on her pants is red metallic denim with
black stitching and her tail is golden
with a green tip and her aunt bottom of
her pants is golden bag and it's the
shape of a heart and she has pearl green
shoes with a lion this is surefire long
little diary and it has all her profile
her dislikes and likes and her favorites
she has her agenda and her little
sketches from class and she has her
calendar and that is the map of the
school this concludes our
review of Jenna far along and I hope you
like because I will help our channel a
lot i hope you comment because me and my
mom be the comments a lot and we hope to
hear from you guys i hope you subscribe
if you have it and tell your friends to
subscribe to see you later bye 70g i
wanna have 59 burn work let's have a key